this is the loin section of the rabbit
belly flap, spine intact, bone in. what
i'm going to do is remove the bone
creating a saddle totally deboned tenderloin
two two loin and with the flap it's ready
to be stuffed and roasted so using my knife this
is kind of a bit finicky this kind of butchery
so my knife tip is looking for the underside of
the spine or the spine and with the my whole knife
i'm now I feel the bone so I'm scraping
it upward and you can see I'm revealing
the underside of the spine by doing
so I can take off the tenderloin
ideally in one piece
i'm going to turn it around and do the exact same
thing on the other side my knife as the guide to
the spine, upward motion following removing
the tenderloin and these come away very easily
one and two and what I'm doing now is exposing the
bone so the bone kind of flares up on both sides
the spine and then it goes back down so
working on one side I'm using the whole
length of my knife to find those bones and with my
food hand pulling the meat away at the same time
when I my knife is hitting more bone I stop
and I'm going to turn my knife again toward
my food food hand and scrape it okay so i've
just flipped around the saddle so you could
see so to recap the two tenderloins are off i
am my knife is touching the spine i've taken it
underneath to this these bones blade upward and
now downward and my knife tip is hitting bone
and I want to expose as much as
of that as possible by scraping
that's one side I'm going to turn it
over and show again so one side went up
finding using the whole length of my
knife and tracing the bone structure
straight scraping downward so what
i'm left with is two loins and the
belly flap but it's still attached to the spine
so this is where it might get a little bit tricky
because of these notches opening it up right here
i want to separate the meat from the bone so just
double triple checking that I can go as far as
i can and I'm going to take the tip of my knife
and trace underside
turning it over doing the same thing
remember the idea is take the meat
away from the spine
okay so here we are we have the spine, the two
loins and the belly flap the intent of this is
to remove it intact to create a saddle which will
later be stuffed, so thinking about those notches
on the spine carefully I'm putting my knife in
and I want to follow those notches and remove
the meat from the spine
if there are any little rib bones that
you may have missed you'll find them in this
there may be some resistance, but there
isn't, one last one getting in there
cleaning my board
and then opening up the saddle